# Read Variable Names, Formats, and Widths from data generated by the SAVEDATA Command

This function reads the SAVEDATA INFORMATION section from an Mplus
output file that used the SAVEDATA command, and it returns a list with
the filename, variable names, variable formats, and variable widths of
the SAVEDATA file. If present, the function also parses information
about the Bayesian Parameters (BPARAMETERS) file.

## Usage

``` r
getSavedata_Fileinfo(outfile)
```

## Arguments

- outfile:

  required. The name of the Mplus output file to read. Can be an
  absolute or relative path. If `outfile` is a relative path or just the
  filename, then it is assumed that the file resides in the working
  directory [`getwd()`](https://rdrr.io/r/base/getwd.html).

## Value

Returns a list of SAVEDATA file information that includes:

- `fileName`: The name of the file containing the analysis dataset
  created by the Mplus SAVEDATA command.

- `fileVarNames`: A character vector containing the names of variables
  in the dataset.

- `fileVarFormats`: A character vector containing the Fortran-style
  formats of variables in the dataset.

- `fileVarWidths`: A numeric vector containing the widths of variables
  in the dataset (which is stored in fixed-width format).

- `bayesFile`: The name of the BPARAMETERS file containing draws from
  the posterior distribution created by the Mplus SAVEDATA BPARAMETERS
  command.

- `bayesVarNames`: A character vector containing the names of variables
  in the BPARAMETERS dataset.

- `tech3File`: A character vector of the tech 3 output.

- `tech4File`: A character vector of the tech 4 output.

## See also

[`getSavedata_Data`](https://michaelhallquist.github.io/MplusAutomation/reference/getSavedata_Data.md)

## Author

Michael Hallquist

## Examples

``` r
if (FALSE) { # \dontrun{
  fileInfo <- getSavedata_Fileinfo("C:/Program Files/Mplus/Test Output.out")
} # }
```
